welcome back to recap in minutes today i'm
going to explain the movie called the mermaid
lake of the dead from 2018. this movie is based
on the legend of the rusalka a creature that
lives in lakes and drags young men to their
deaths spoilers ahead watch out and take care
a standing man is near a lake
his wife comes close to him
as he turns around he seems to have been
bewitched by a mermaid in the lake immediately
he jumps into the lake his wife requests to be
taken instead to this unseen mysterious mermaid
and suddenly her husband comes on the surface
of water in normal state his wife helps him to
come out from water but his wife is suddenly
dragged into water by the mysterious mermaid
he tries to help her but something is dragging
her inside the mermaid takes the life of his
wife in replacement of his in the present day
a couple to be is shown in a swimming pool
the girl's name is marina while the boy is
roma marina's fiance teaches her swimming at
the same time roma's friend lliya jumps into
the pool challenging roma for a swimming race
they leaves for another pool leaving marina at
the pool edge marina tries to swim on her own she
immediately begins to drown and roma does not know
about it at all after the race he finds marina
drowning he rescues her life swiftly marina isn't
happy with roma after this incident the same night
roma visits with lliya the house built at the edge
of a lake it's his father's house he hadn't seen
him in years but he sent roma the key to the house
for him to sell it off roma tells his friend that
her mother's death occurred in the lake near this
house due to drowning since then his father had
gone crazy and he lives far away from him and his
sister this reveals that the person standing near
the lake at the beginning is roma's father and
mermaid had put his mother into death drowning
they both check around the abandoned house
and observe the basement filled with water
obviously they think there must have been a
flood lliya organized roma with a stag party
because he is nearly to get married to marina
he isn't in a good mood for this so he leaves
he sits at the edge of the same lake as he calls
marina but she is engaged in some work roman jumps
into that lake for swimming while swimming
roma realizes the presence of someone there
he comes outside the lake and sees a strange
girl putting on his shirt and combing her hair
with a wooden comb he is alluring unwillingly to
the girl and comes near her the kiss and with a
grin face she asks do you love me marina
then is calling roma but gets no response
roma's friends are in search of him next morning
he is lying at the edge of lake he wakes up
and asks about the girl lliya picks his cloth
and also find the mermaid's comb on the floor
he take it with him the same comb is also
found by marina in roma's cloth at laundry
roma does not feel good and shows low
performance at swimming after this incident
his coach advises him to have more practice
while taking bath after training he faces
mysterious happenings the mermaid appears
behind him and asks the same question do
you love me he instantly turns around but sees no
one there at home on the bed roma feels a tickle
he thinks it's marina and shouts as he rises to
check but sees no one because he suffers fever
now marina thinks he is unwell because of work out
marina puts him to sleep and makes a video call
with roma's sister olga informing her about the
roma's condition marina says he is acting strange
she shows her the comb looking at that comb
olga is shocked she notices the same comb in the
pictures of his father and mother next day roma
jumps into the pool for training in shock he finds
himself in the same lake he comes out of the
water and he encounters the same mermaid she
asks again the same question do you love me this
time he responded no he began to black out as
she shrieks into her mermaid form right before he
regains consciousness at the edge of swimming pool
roma found himself admitted in hospital
because of dehydration diagnosed by the doctor
in there with him marina olga and lliya he tells
the whole story marina hearing the kissing part of
the story she gets angry and leaves roma follows
her but he cannot walk well because of feebleness
suddenly marina hears a strange voice and takes
its directions roma follows her and reaches in
a room where he again encounters the mermaid in
marina form and the door gets locked before marina
reaches there the mermaid is about to attack roma
until lliya breaks in olga understands everything
noticing all what's happening she goes to her
father first of all their father forbids to meet
them and asks to go upon hearing roma's encounters
with the girl at the lake he becomes devastated he
weeps and tell them all what's happened 20 years
ago how their mother sacrificed herself to save
him and from that day everything lost its meaning
except from the mermaid as he keeps remembering
her every day of his life they moved to that
house in search of solution along with lliya
roma and marina stay at the house and olga goes
at that edge of lake with leah hoping they can
find something jumping into the lake he swims
to a grave which has an engraved name on it
he reads it and also finds some dead bodies around
it one of the dead bodies come to life seeing it
lliya tries to escape but the dead tries pulling
him down somehow he manages to come outside the
water with the help of olga he arrives at the
edge of the lake and tells the name of mermaid
lisa grigorieva on the other side as marina
fetches water outside the house she observes
a woman at the door of the cottage house going
there she observes it's a room where roma's
mother perform rituals she then faces roma's
mother ghost chatting some words out of fear
she runs back to the house she comes near roma and
suddenly a force pulls him towards the basement
marina helps him the mermaid comes on site and
begins to pull roma marina kicks the mermaid and
save him august suggests maybe it's all about the
comb and also stated the mermaid committed suicide
in previous years suicide victims were
buried on the shores that's why the mermaid
grave was found in the river after the lake
spilled over the shore when a dam was built
marina decides to perform the ritual just like
roma's mother used to maybe it would help she
requests lliya to wait for her outside the cottage
and starts a ritual going inside meanwhile the
mermaid appears before lliya and asks him the same
question do you love me he replies yes and she
bewitches him she also blitches roma and compels
him to come to the basement olga tries to stop him
but gets attacked instead on the other side marina
starts the ritual she soaks the comb into water
looking in the mirror she speaks the same
words she heard from roma mother's ghost
the cone disappears immediately and the mermaid
appears drowning marina's face into water
for unknown reason the mermaid reveals her past
after a proposal a young man deceived her by
marrying another lady knowing this on the wedding
day she rages and murders them before committing
suicide by jumping into the lake afterwards she
turned into mermaid and allures men into her end
roma comes to his senses after being bewitched and
runs to the cottage he breaks in when the mermaid
impersonates into marina in several numbers and
each of them asking do you love me he is able to
recognize the real marina and expresses his love
doing this all the witchcraft seems to be over
everything seems normal the next morning lliya is
still bewitched by the mermaid accepting her love
he moves to the basement roma find him floating
on the water and then the mermaid takes lliya with
her roma tries to save him but he is already
gone and also gets attacked by mermaid again
at the same time marina and olga also
reach there and help roma to escape
and they all immediately leave that place covering
a distance their car break down suddenly rain
starts roma comes outside to check the car the
mermaid appears to them again and waters start
to fill in the car obviously caused by the mermaid
roma breaks the window glass saving olga an arena
roma wonders why the mermaid still follows
them after returning her comb and performing
the rituals he gets to understand that she
will not stop pursuing him until she get him
roma quickly moves back to the lake and marina
runs after him she falls and someone hits her on
her head and goes unconscious the mermaid comes
near him as he reaches at the edge of lake she
asked him again do you love me roma replies on it
yes but mermaid knows he's lying to stop all her
torment and then suffocates him at the basement
we see olga trying to use marina as sacrifice in
exchange for her brother as he ties her to a chair
it's clear she was the one that hit her marina
pleads all good to stop it but she ignores at the
same time roma's father arrives there he reveals
to olga sacrificing her in exchange will not work
only if she volunteers her life it can't be forced
the mermaid appears before them and roma's
father requests the mermaid to spare life
of everyone and taken with her she turns into
her mermaid form and takes him down the water
seeing her father olga tries to stop her
but only gets the mermaid hair and pulls
marina untie her hands and get a scissors she cuts
her hair the hair burns and the mermaid begins to
feel unrest as her power is in her hair moment
later she takes olga with her in retaliation
marina is unable to save olga and her father
but to save roma's life she quickly goes at
the edge of the lake and finds him lying
or suffocating she reveals to roma that
the power of the mermaid is in her hair not
the comb roma seems not to hear what marina
is saying she jumps into the water intending
to cut the mermaid's hair with the scissors
the mermaid faces marina after a while struggling
with her marina manages to cut some of her hair
causing roma to be free from her power then marina
comes from the lake and both embrace each other
she then asks roma do you love me suspecting
her roma begins to cut her hair the mermaid
came impersonating marina as he cuts her hair
she loses all her power and return into the lake
roma then jumps into lake and takes the drowning
marina outside the water and resuscitate her it
has shown that they have won this fight through
their mutual love thanks for watching please don't
forget to subscribe and turn on the notification
bell to get noticed when a new video is uploaded